all right you too so I'm here with my
finished blown up hair so what I use to
blow it out my hair was damn I used my I
made this like leave-in type of mixture
it's oil conditioner water and aloe vera
juice and I put that on my hair as a
base so that was on my hair when I had
twisted my hair up initially but when I
took out the twist I applied some of
this particular oil vatican patina
however you say it on my hair and the
type of dryer I used my hair this is
Connie or one my mother got me this for
Christmas like four years ago
and I threw away the oven when I have it
so I just used that so let me turn show
you my hair
I'm loving it I love love love how it
looks it looks really full and that's
really what I was hoping to go for when
I went natural it was kind of spurred a
moment for me to blow it out but I was
just really really curious on what it
looks like and I don't know what I'm
gonna do as far as styling it I'll come
up with something I'm not really sure
yet
because I can do a nut check
Harris I'm even on both sides I don't
know I think when I trimmed I must have
cut off more than I needed to know
what's that notice that what it blown
out like this see I don't know you could
see the levels of difference in my hands
I don't know what I did when I turned it
here is actually already started to
research
I'm not sure
you can see it's um I don't know let me
know what you all think of my hair it
got pretty straight just from a
blow-dryer so I really don't see myself
Flatiron and I don't want it to be
straight or anything
I like the bigness of it you can see my
hands it's how he's done it to avert it
actually still feels wet for some odd
reason it's really soft I mean really
really baby soft so if I do something
with it out that we come back the last
time I did a blowout was July 2010 and I
wasn't even a full meter naturally in it
so I don't have a real reason why I
waited so long analogous alright I think
now that you are think I must see you in
the next video if I can figure out
with my hair maybe ice talent I'm ready
we will take care
you